[ flowing water ]
My manifesto is a love letter to a future that is shared.
To a place and time where we all belong. And to a persisting moment where everyone can still dream.
In this future there is empathy.
There is reflection, and introspection.
And with that, mourning and forgiveness.
There is so much warmth, almost enough to fry an egg.
It's a little painful but still comforting and comfortable in its own way.
This warmth is often found in small nooks that can somehow fit and hug everyone and everything.
And then, there is a deep respect for the world, and for each other, and for truth and sincerity;
a time for vulnerability, and for an awareness and desire to understand and bridge deep disparities in communities within and beyond our own.
There is a care and hope for every community as our own.
There is also the privilege of time, and a bit of magic in the everyday.
An appreciation and cherishing of both the mundane and the extraordinary.
A mindfulness of the persisting impact of our actions and intentions across all scales.
I think it can be truly challenging not to feel crushed by the pains of our world today.
To hide away and wait for it to all be over if we’re lucky, or be consumed in navigating this new landscape of isolation, despair, and uncertainty.
What I hope most to keep in mind in these days ahead is this shared future —
how do we continue moving toward a place where we all belong, and all listen and hear and respond and are supported now and beyond these moments in time?
How do we take care of ourselves and each other?
Thank you
[ flowing water ]